Students of the System Engineering Program participated in the Latin American Regional Marathon and CPC, an event that was held simultaneously in 5 venues that divide the continent. We came to this event because in the National Program Marathon held in March, our teams ranked among the top 40 places, which has given us a place in this competition. On this occasion, the regional, Latin American Marathon carried out through the use of the stick in a virtual way. So in this and time elapsed, well, we had communication with the whole issue of surveillance, security of the Marathon and other things related to the topic. In this programming competition, the aim is to achieve a place in the world competition that takes place every year and in which the best teams, the best students, the best university students in the world participate, showing their abilities. To talk a bit about sergame, experience has always called me as such on the subject of programming. I think it's from the first semester it belongs to schools in millero and programming. The experience as such takes place in the National Marathon for me because it has been for the first time this year and I am very grateful with the soul to materi with our co-h the engineering to María Espinoza, for giving us this opportunity. It is a very good experience, very beautiful, it helped to develop logic and potential as a university student. For reasons of synchronization between the participating countries, the regional was virtually in parallel with the neighboring country in soles, in this way there were some specific rules, such as that the participants were the same ones who had qualified and that they were gathered in one place adapted to be able to monitor with additional cameras. For all the students of the program, the invitation is to participate in this semester, more or less in June, we are going to carry out our internal programming competition in which, well, we recruit the best talents, encouraged to create the teams that are going to continue us. representing in the next events of programming at national and Latin American level. So everyone is cordially invited to participate.